That's right. A fool can act like a fool. It's really hard to install a home card.
I'm so happy. You've been able to withdraw money with this card.
I helped. I picked it up and used it as a ball for you.
You pretended to be me, but you can't get the money out. Let me see how you can pay it back.
Okay, it’s not serious to eat me.
Just let the money in the card buy ten properties, and there are more than enough mistakes.
Too much too much
You deserve a share of it for Niu Hide to brag about.
Spend money continuously
I have to deliberately think about the person I want.
It’s shameful to respect Mr. Ka
true or false
You'll know after just one swipe
Stab to death, stab to death
If you can't make money, never
I'll beat you to death
It’s indeed a fake card
Which fake card deceived me?
Original place card
Even if you can’t afford a house
It's embarrassing to still be here
It's really funny
This is the gold card
I think you are just a nanny, okay? Your mother?
let's go
Hope there can be
You only have a low-level death machine
It's normal for the paint to be broken
Saw my dad
That's too red and white, right?
Take him for example
Add a card by yourself
We don’t know each other yet
Hongbo pays stone dad successfully twenty-one good